---
title: "Privacy Policy"
permalink: /policy/
author_profile: false
date: 2023-08-16
toc: true
---

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You respond to our advertisements and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal Data to contact and support you, as well as to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to My blog.
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the advertisement, website, or application.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
